#EXECUTIVE SUMMARY TITLE

Executive Summary for the Open Source Software Acquisition Project
Over the course of the last two decades, the software used by the company has changed significantly.  The company is spending close to a million dollars every three years in acquisition and implementation of software that is purchased.  Most of this software requires updates that routinely cost money.  Most software is deprecated and new functions are not included in the few update packages available for the older software.
In past company board meetings, open source software was discussed as a possible alternative.  There now exists opens source programs that provide the same or similar functionality as the majority of the purchased software.  Open source software allows the user to install and use the software without paying for the software.  This does not mean that there is no cost.  The software will need support and updates to maintain security and functionality.  Some open source software has extensive communities that provide support for free while some open source software has paid support available.  Another possible source of cost with open source software will be the in house IT required to modify the software to provide the functionality and updates the company will require.  Further complicating the open source software acquisition is the license attached to the software.  Some software can be used without any significant restraints while others have restrictive licenses that might impact company use and development.
The project will attempt to identify, list and gather all the possible open source alternatives for the software currently in use with the company.  The IT department has set up two databases and created four programs to assist in this project.  The first database will hold license and vulnerability files for open source software.  The second database will hold a copy of any open source software submitted for review along with a list of the applicable licenses and possible vulnerabilities associated with that program.  The programs will facilitate the access, update and storage of the open source software, license and vulnerability files.
The project will be updated by the company manager.  The company manager will first gather the different licenses available for the open source software. The manager will determine which licenses are a good fit for the company, which ones will cause issues and which ones should be look at in further detail.  The manager will also compile a list of possible vulnerabilities are and are not acceptable for the different software packages.  The manager will update the License and Vulnerabilities Database with the available license and vulnerability files.  If after the database files are inputted, new licenses or vulnerabilities are found, the manager will have the ability to further update the database.
The company developers will use the Software License and Vulnerability Scanner to compare possible open source software with the company license and vulnerability requirements.  The scanner program will update the Program, License and Vulnerability Database as well as return a copy of the file to the developer to aid in future software searches.  The company manager and developers will have access to the License and Vulnerability Database as well as the Program, License and Vulnerability Database to assist them in matching the programs with the company requirements and to expedite their searches.
It is hoped that these databases and programs will assist the company with future software acquisitions while reducing costs.  At least the project should assist the company with determining whether open source software is a viable alternative to the hundreds of thousands dollars spent annually on new or updated software.  As stated before, the project will try to identify the vulnerabilities associated with the different software packages to prevent future or security issues to the company and our customers.
